Don't fear pain.
fear the part of you
too weak to survive it.
When Argosax's forces came.
you flailed like prey.
I will make you a shadow
that kills without mercy.
Emotion is a disease.
Mock it. erase it.
dominate those who suffer from it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Mundus] The battlefield
punishes sentiment.
Your power is hereditary.
Your right by bloodline.
Are you strong enough to claim it?
[Vergil] He bore the mark of Argosax.
[Mundus] Tell me. heir of Sparda.
what sentence does treason earn?
[Vergil] What always happens
to the infected.
Mercy's how their virus spreads.
[Mundus] Hope is cowardice
dressed as virtue.
Your mother knew an attack was coming.
and waited like a lamb.
She believed goodness was enough.
[Mundus] Then goodness killed her.
[somber. emotional music playing]
[Vergil whimpering]
[Mundus] Devils don't cry. Vergil.
Then I'll kill the boy who did.
[Mundus] Argosax made a game
of cruel emotion.
He'd force mothers to watch
while he fed on their children.
He laughed as they screamed.
I was the one who finally ended him.
But only because I was strong enough.
Weakness dies screaming.
[distorted clanging]
And you thought you could
just walk in and take the chalice.
Might prove somewhat difficult.
now that I absorbed it.
Perfect.
This way I can take the Arcana
and kill you in one go.
Of course.
[aggressive metal music playing]
So you deny you played
any role in the attack on my home?
You gave aid to the animals
who tortured me and killed my mother!
It's the truth.
You could have asked them
who they were aided by.
had Mundus not generously
offered them up for you to kill.
without any chance for interrogation.
If you know that much. Mundus was right.
There is a traitor.
One ideally placed
at the highest levels of his court.
and yet still invisible to you all.
[operatic choral chanting]
I am beyond human limitation.
Poetic. if a bit on the nose.
Held by my will.
like you have been since the moment
my messenger reached you in Makai.
He's dying to meet you.
A dangling marionette.
Your stolen source of power will gain you
nothing but cheap tricks without the--
[Arius] The other three Arcana.
Yes. I already have them.
You were right on one count.
I did adopt the Uroboros in tribute.
I have everything I need now
to restore to Makai its true ruler.
Argosax the Chaos.
[rowdy rock music intro playing]
[music trails off]
[grim. foreboding music playing]
[Dante coughs]
[weakly] Hey. I was using that
to keep my organs in.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry about everything.
[Dante] You're apologizing?
What's wrong?
The White Rabbit. I had met him before.
As a human.
We turned him into what he became.
then lied to the world about it
so we could invade Makai.
Why'd you stay then?
All I know how to do is slaughter demons.
It's the only stability
I've had in my life.
I'm terrified of change.
But today. I found out
Baines executed those families
in the White Rabbit's building.
Children.
The ones I tried to save.
Lady. you tried.
I failed. and I'm a fucking liar.
Wha…
Wait.
I need your help to get Vergil back.
[Lady] Still?
He just tried to kill you.
If we'd been trying to kill each other.
we would have destroyed a lot more
than a couple flimsy buildings.
I can't just abandon him.
Not again.
Okay.
I'll take you to him.
Really? Just like that?
You don't want to have
an armed standoff about it?
I owe you this.
[distant rumbling]
You think a sapien like you
can simply resurrect Argosax?
And people call me pretentious?
You're still making
melodramatic pronouncements
when you're a single stroke
away from death.
Almost a shame
you're of more use to me alive.
Or you will be.
Once you finally see
Mundus for what he is.
All of Makai has had its potential
strangled by his unbending hierarchy.
Just like this realm has been crippled
by the rule of bloated. myopic cowards.
But only for 22 hours longer.
Chaos is freedom.
Argosax will break the chains on us all.
[Dante] Hey. Mr. Magic Man.
[rowdy rock music playing]
Been meaning to tell ya.
You got a little something.
Right here.
That's one arm unchained.
Vergil!
What the fuck? I was gone five minutes!
[Arius groaning]
The pain doesn't deter you. does it. sir?
My father put me through worse.
[in Italian] Dad!
Dad!
Maybe I can help.
[cries out]
Help? You're the problem.
With just one of the Arcana.
I was able to best that son of Sparda.
Let's see those gold-plated cultists
at Fortuna try and buy that!
Vergil!
What the hell is happening?
When did he get magic fucking powers?
Where are we?
[Vergil] Do not interfere.
Or else in 22 hours.
your master ends both our worlds.
What are you talking about?
The Arcana.
You have no idea
what you've helped bring about
by putting them in Arius' hands. do you?
He said they're a stealth weapon
that can take out your genocidal king.
A clever lie. I'll give him that.
The Arcana are relics of ancient power.
as old as existence itself.
Arius means to use them
to raise the God of Chaos. Argosax.
[scoffs] Is that more Mundus propaganda?
I saw you arrive in the bunker.
You heard it from Arius' own lips.
Argosax was the scourge of Makai.
a sadistic overlord vanquished by Mundus.
Their sapien image of hell.
fire and torment.
came from glimpses of Makai
under Argosax's rule.
And you're saying
that Arius wants to bring him back?
Yes.
To not only destroy Mundus.
but purge both realms
in the flames of Chaos.
If it's really all about Chaos Guy
and these Arcana things.
what was Arius draining your blood for?
To open the rift with Makai.
He said it would give us
a clear shot at Mundus.
Seriously?
After everything we went through
keeping the rift closed.
- you were just going to open it anyway?
- Temporarily.
[restrained seething]
I lied to you.
I'm a piece of shit.
Ha.
Now you see. I was right.
You were the one trying to use the Rabbit
to open the rift in the first place!
On Mundus' orders!
Our father's barrier
is no longer necessary.
Contrary to the sapiens' story.
he never raised it to protect humans.
but to keep Makai pure from contamination.
Dad didn't see humans that way.
Why would he be with Mom if he did?
You think he meant
to sire his heirs with her?
That there is any mystery
why we never knew him? It's obvious.
He was as ashamed of
his paramour's nature as you should be.
Is that really how you feel about her?
[seethes]
[tracker beeping]
My tracker has a lock on the Arcana.
All four.
The chalice must still be
with Arius upstairs.
But the other three are here too.
Somewhere in this basement.
You said we've got 22 hours
before this happens. right?
Why would Arius wait?
The eclipse.
There's a hybrid solar eclipse tomorrow.
It happens once every century and a half.
Yes.
The cosmic energy would allow Arius
to fully activate the Arcana.
But only if he has all four.
At least one Arcana must be taken
and kept from him
until the eclipse is over.
So. we have a plan then.
I'll take us to the Arcana.
if you two can keep
from impaling each other long enough.
Mmm.
[in Italian] Quit looking up there.
you tiny idiot.
God's condemned us all to suffer.
We are but a speck
on the shit that is this world.
And there is nothing you or I
can do about it.
Signal lost.
Sir. there appears to be
a glitch with the security matrix.
No. not a glitch.
Ugh. our empowered. liberated Lady.
Arkham couldn't have gotten here alone.
The brothers Sparda must be with her.
Shall I activate the failed experiments
from the prison?
They may still be useful.
Go. I'll meet you there.
[frantic tapping]
[groaning softly]
Any word yet on Arius or Baines?
[indistinct radio chatter]
Sir. their bunker caved in.
No sign of survivors.
Well. that's a damn shame.
They'll be mourned as heroes.
All right.
Let's get me ready
for my big announcement.
- Think I'll break out the new Stetson.
- [door opens]
[gasping]
[Hopper] Bainesie!
Jed.
You…
You got out.
Praise the Lord.
[Baines] Indeed.
Though it seems
you now serve a different master.
What are you yammering on about?
What… What is all this?
Gentlemen.
You'll have to forgive
my divided attention.
There isn't enough of me
to go around these days.
I regret to inform you all
that your president is a traitor.
Now hold on!
What kind of wild accusation?
This is treason!
Arrest them!
Arrest them all!
We. of course. have evidence.
I can promise your king
a full withdrawal of all US troops.
[Vergil] And in exchange?
[Hopper] Well. I will need
Mundus to concede publicly.
but that's just for show.
Election year. you understand.
As a show of good faith.
I'm going to give you something up front.
- The Arcana's location.
- [gasping]
I canvassed for you.
I am the goddamn president!
It's my prerogative to negotiate
with our adversaries as I see fit!
And to sacrifice your own people
in a covenant with Satan.
You're the one who went
and picked a goddamn fight with him!
And you were more than happy
for a cause to rally the country behind.
William. we're on the clock.
Take President Hopper into custody.
Y'all really think you can pin this on me?
Why don't you go ahead and play
the rest of the tape for 'em. huh?
You wanna know
what else the half-demon told me?
That the terrorist they convinced me
to go to war over. the White Rabbit?
It wasn't even a fucking demon!
He was a human in a goddamn bunny suit!
They lied to me. they lied to all of us!
[DARKCOM agent whimpering]
I fucked up.
Well. that streamlines our solution…
Mr. President.
[DARKCOM agent] I fucked up.
[Lady] So if Argosax is Mundus' archenemy.
why did Mundus have
one of the things that can resurrect him
just hanging around his castle?
Why not destroy it?
The Arcana's energy
is connected to Makai itself.
It can't be destroyed within Makai.
Theoretically. it could be done
in the Earth realm.
but there's no one alive
who could channel enough power.
I might know a guy.
Foolishness. Dante.
It must be kept hidden.
[Lady] Through here.
[alarm blares]
[Vergil] Stand aside.
[gunshot]
Let's go.
- Hm.
- [grumbles]
[Dante] Oooh.
Kinda like old times.
playing hide-and-seek
with the neighborhood kids.
Hmm?
Hm.
Those are offerings of worship
to Argosax from when he reigned.
They're worthless.
Hm. [jaunty whistling]
[eerie music playing]
Look at us. Arkham.
Just a pair of sapiens
who've been playing make believe.
At least now you see yourself
for what you are.
A blood-soaked murderer
in service of a horrifying cause
to which you've remained willingly blind.
I'm not taking shit from a mirror.
[distressing. uneasy music playing]
Do you really think that merely averting
the apocalypse you were handmaiden of
can atone for all you've done?
["Afterlife" by Evanescence playing]
♪ Can we just lie here 'til it's all over?
I hear the violence coming. turn and run ♪
[Rabbit. Lady's doppelganger]
I am your masterpiece.
♪ Damned to finally meet you ♪
♪ In the afterlife ♪
♪ Save me from this pain
And fill the hole inside ♪
♪ You wonder why
I'm all out of tears to cry ♪
♪ Today I'm not ♪
♪ Not afraid to die ♪
[song trails off]
What was that?
[Vergil] That isn't a mirror.
It's a gateway.
A gateway?
To where?
Arius has ensnared a rare creature here.
A Trismagia.
The oracles of Makai.
Huh?
It's said that their revelations
about their prey are never wrong.
[flies buzzing]
[in Italian] You are my curse!
[heart beating]
[Arius] The first god I met
reeked of whiskey and fear.
In 24 hours. I built a better one.
[sinister voice] We are complete.
After 28 lifetimes.
I…
We…
finally achieved it.
The full Arcana.
At just the right moment.
[sinister voice]
This mortal form will be honored
as the vessel for my rebirth.
We will both be a vessel for a world
released from its shackles.
[sinister voice] Yes.
Liberated by flame.
Every law of nature and civilization
will burn to ash.
We will be
limitless.
[grandiose. operatic music booming]
[Vergil] The Arcana.
Well. well.
The fiercely independent Lady.
who betrayed the brilliant man she served
to serve
her schoolgirl infatuation instead.
How juvenile.
Look. there's no way he gives good enough
benefits for the job to be worth this.
Let's just say you happened
to go on a coffee break.
and we can forget that we ever--
[Dante yelps]
So. it's finally showtime. huh?
Perfect.
Was that…?
An anti-demon bullet.
Judging by appearances.
No. no. no.
A classic mistake.
You think your loud opinions
outweigh quiet observation.
Demon hunter? [chuckles sardonically]
More like an entitled child
playing with matches.
There! Get her!
[frenetic metal rock playing]
Go!
Whatever you are.
you don't have to follow his orders.
You can be better than me.
I am better than you.
- Damn. We need a strategy.
- [Vergil] I have one.
It is you who fights without it.
I mean together.
Remember that time
we played capture the flag?
When the other kids
made us be our own team?
All of them against us.
I remember you knocked over a tree
and almost killed one of them.
Had to blame it
on a freak lightning strike.
Huh. I don't remember that part.
But you know how we got the flag?
[dark. sweeping electro-metal playing]
Clones. They're fucking clones.
Attack!
The children's game is over.
[taut. determined music pulsing]
[Arius] Not only more pretentious than me.
but more hubris as well.
You lost on your own last time
when it was only us.
I still have both my arms.
[growls]
That's the true lesson of Chaos.
Adaptation.
And also. rules are boring.
Why do you insist
on remaining Mundus' slave?
Is it just for the approval
your real father wasn't there to give you?
[Vergil] If you think
you can turn me against him.
you are mistaken.
[resounding clang]
In that case…
[brakes screeching. muffled]
["My Immortal" by Evanescence playing]
[emotional symphonic rock playing]
♪ You used to captivate me
By your resonating light ♪
♪ Now I'm bound
By the life you left behind ♪
[Lady] That was it.
My one fucking chance to redeem myself.
I failed. Again.
♪ Your voice. it chased away
All the sanity in me ♪
♪ These wounds won't seem to heal ♪
♪ This pain is just too real ♪
♪ There's just too much
That time cannot erase ♪
No.
You didn't.
♪ When you cried
I'd wipe away all of your tears ♪
♪ When you'd scream
I'd fight away all of your fears ♪
♪ And I held your hand
Through all of these years ♪
♪ But you still have ♪
♪ All of me ♪
♪ I've tried so hard ♪
[distorted. slowed-down] Jackpot!
♪ To tell myself that you're gone ♪
[barely restrained seething]
[Arius snarling]
You wanted to protect people.
Now we can do it together.
♪ I've been alone all along ♪
[emotional. soaring guitar solo]
♪ When you cried
I'd wipe away all of your tears ♪
♪ When you'd scream
I'd fight away all of your fears ♪
♪ And I held your hand
Through all of these years ♪
♪ But you still have ♪
♪ When you cried
I'd wipe away all of your tears ♪
♪ And I held your hand
Through all of these years ♪
♪ But you still have ♪
♪ All of me ♪
♪ Me ♪
["My Immortal" trailing off]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm